through the intimate nature of our work
we are exposed to any number of
contagious diseases carried by people we
care for we deliver care for people at
their worst weakest most embarrassing
physically challenging times of their
lives I have done so gratefully for
methodist hospital for over 30 years I
realize we are living in an age of a
damaged economy however the health care
industry including Methodist continues
to profit they continue to expand and
build continue to spend extravagant sums
of money on buildings landscaping travel
and yes personal profit pregnant it
talks about being good stewards of
limited resources I can think of no
better place to put our resources and
into those who support and care for
patients at the bedside for a minute
please think about being a patient
consider that as a patient your life and
welding is in the hands of your nurse
and you are hospitalized how overtired /
tasked overcommitted would you want your
nurse to be the nurse needs time to talk
with you to make thorough evaluations to
be able to respond to changes in your
health status to prepare and correctly
administer potentially dangerous
medication to teach you the new skills
you need when you go home why does the
nurse the direct caregiver need to have
some level of control over patient how
patient care is delivered because of
what I have witnessed at the bedside of
my patients over the past
three years I have witnessed a steadily
increasing pervasive pressure to cut
costs even at the risk of patient safety
nurses are discredited or even subjected
to workplace harassment when they speak
up or try to take action to protect
patients staff ratios while the bedside
nurse is primarily advocating for the
patient the administrator is primarily
advocating for profit for these reasons
we all need nurses to have a contract
guaranteed ability to influence staffing
and scheduling even when we actually
fill out the concern for States safe
staffing forms and keep in mind that
probably only a fraction of the
qualifying unsafe incidents actually
generated for these concerns are ignored
belittled invalidated other methods of
staff nurses will talk about their
staffing concerns today society
absolutely needs nurses a strong
contract shows potential nurses that
they are valuable valuable less than
glamorous work is worth pursuing a
strong contract for nurses keeps us all
safe yeah I mean all of us the nurse the
patient even the institution itself
you